1. WHO YOU ARE

I'm a recent Columbia MBA Graduate with a strong background in pharmaceutical industry.

I'm an experienced HR executive who has managed all aspectss of the HR function
from recruiting to training to benefits.



2. WHY YOU'RE QUALIFIED
- emphasis on relevant experience
- proof of performance
- accomplishments , competencies, all of it tailored to 
  what's relevant for the job description

I spent the last six years developing my skills as a customer service manager for
Megacompany, Inc. where I won several performance awards and I've been promoted
twice. I love managing teams and solving customer problems.



3. WHY YOU'RE HERE
Although I love my current role, I feel I'm now ready for a more
challenging assignment and this position really excites me.



I have more than 5 years experience as a technical project 
manager at top wall street companies, most recently i helped
develop an award winning trading platform.
I'm a person who thrives in a fast paced environment so right now
i'm looking for an opportunity to apply my technological expertise
along with my creative problem solving skills at an innovative 
software company.

Hi My Name is Frank Edekobi, I am from Nigeria.

I have more than 2 years experience as a software developer, I am currently working as a freelancer 
at Upwork.com and Freelancer.com and also as a remote employee with an IT company known as FPG Technologies.

I studied Java,HTML,CSS, Javascript and MsSQL at NIIT(pause)after which i went on to study the REACT framework, 
and currently i'm learning to build mobile applications with flutter as well as android java.

Most recently, i helped develop a middleware software in java for handling corporate clients in a financial institution 
(pause), also i helped develop a web application for managing medical records of hospitals(pause)and i am part of a team 
developing a social media application for bringing together and rewarding new and upcoming entertainers.

I am a person who thrives in a fast paced environment so right now i'm looking for an opportunity to apply my
texhnological expertise along with my creative problem solving skills at an innovative software company.





 